Christmas is less than a week away now
we only have to move the Elf on a shelf
six more times then back to that
Tupperware bin in the crawl space he
goes and the Elf on a shelf has had a
pretty good run but this year there's a
new sheriff in town one who has been
specially appointed to watch and to
report on your child's every move from
the creators of Elf on a shelf comes the
toughest investigator of all Muller on a
cruller this holiday season he knows
you've been naughty because he
subpoenaed your diary and made all your
friends talk he wrote your GI Joe
flipped your Furby and threatened Barbie
with the big house mother on a crawler
knows about those magazines under your
mattress I want to see my lawyer your
daughter has been sentenced to 3 years
in timeout come on a crawler from the
makers of Elf on a shelf Trump on the
stump pence on a fence Huckabee in a
tree and Kellyanne in a trash can
[Applause]
again hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard
has trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape